Issues/665 add rez test interactive option 2 (#1283)
nerdvegas/rez: wiki/pages/Testing-Packages.md

As mentioned in other pages such as [tests](Package-Definition-Guide#tests),
you can specify Rez tests to run like this:

	]$ rez-test maya_utils lint unittest_name

> This example runs two tests, "lint" and "unittest_name", from the "maya_utils"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example runs two test targets, "lint" and "unittest_name", from the "maya_utils"
```

I think using test target instead of test is important because targets are not necessarily tests. The `rez-test` command is a little bit misnamed but that's another discussion (a discussion that we already had in the last years and that I feel we will probably have in the future too).

Author: > The rez-test command is a little bit misnamed but that's another discussion (a discussion that we already had in the last years and that I feel we will probably have in the future too).

Yeah, I always just pretend it's called `rez-task`, haha. rez-*test* implies that it's only for unittesting.

Rez package. Rez runs these tests one at a time, in the order you define them.

You may also "enter" any test environment, instead of running a test by
including the *--interactive* flag.

	]$ rez-test maya_utils --interactive unittest_name

Adding *--interactive* makes Rez combine the "maya_utils" Rez package and
"unittest_name" Rez test into a single environment, just like how `rez-env` works.

> Note that *--interactive* can only target on Rez test at a time.

Author: ```suggestion
Note that *--interactive* can only target one Rez test at a time.
```

As mentioned in other pages such as [tests](Package-Definition-Guide#tests),
you can specify tests to run like this:

	]$ rez-test maya_utils lint unittest

> This test would run two tests, "lint" and "unittest", from a Rez package called
> "maya_utils". When that happens, the pre-defined commands for "lint" and
> "unittest" will run. However if you to "rez-env" into those test environments,
> you can do that using the *--interactive* flag.
> 
> 	]$ rez-test maya_utils --interactive lint
> 	]$ rez-test maya_utils --interactive unittest
> 
> In the example commands above, a "rez-env" is auto-generated to combine
> "maya_utils" and "lint" / "maya_utils" and "unittest" into two, separate
> environments.
> 
> Note that you cannot call *--interactive* on more than one Rez test at a time.
> 
> The resulting environment is exactly what Rez sees, just before a test
> "command" gets run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command runs two test targets, "lint" and "unittest", from a Rez package called
"maya_utils". Rez will execute each test target command following the order the targets.

It is also possible to "rez-env" into a test environment by using the `--interactive` flag:

	]$ rez-test maya_utils --interactive lint

The resulting environment is the combination of the requirements defined by the `maya_utils`
package and the requirements of the `lint` target and is exactly the same as the one used
when the `--interactive` flag is not provided.

Note that you cannot call `--interactive` on more than one target.
```

Author: I find your suggested edit a bit confusing. It removes the second --interactive command but keeps the original `rez-test maya_utils --interactive lint unittest`. Which is fine, but then there's this line.

`Rez will execute each test target command following the order the targets.`
At first I thought that also applied to `--interactive` but of course it can't, since you can only select one test at a time with that flag.

I think I understand what you're trying to suggest in this edit, I'll give a shot at a re-write in a moment. Could you have a look again once I've pushed it?

Author: Not sure why GitHub didn't update the PR but FWIW I pushed it here: https://github.com/ColinKennedy/rez/blob/issues/665-add_rez_test_interactive_option_2/wiki/pages/Testing-Packages.md
